---
layout: post
title:  "[영어] 피터린치, 워렌버핏이 해주고 싶은 말은 정리본"
subtitle:   "story"
categories: invest
tags: story
comments: true
---


### 핵심
- When you sell your great companies and add to the losers, it's like watering the weed and cutting the flowers
- Trying to predict the market is really a waste
- if you can keep putting money in your 5 10 15 20 25 years you should do well
- find your industry


### 원문 

1989 I'm at home the phone rings and my daughter who's six-year-old Annie picked up and said she just there's a Mr. Buffet online.   
i said this could be a joke. i pick it up and this warren buffett from omaha nebraska, you know i read your book i use a line.  
I said that's great i'd love to do it what's the line he said i love this it's been waiting to do this.  
when you sell your great companies and add to the losers, it's like watering the weeds and cutting the flowers.  


well obviously the market's gone up tenfold since i stopped running Magellan.  
so you make more money on the upside the market's been a lot higher than 10 years from now 20 years from now 30 years now.  
trying to predict the market is really a waste.  
I don't know what's going to do it can be go down.  
when i ran Magellan 13 years declined 10 or more nine times the market. i had a perfect record i went down more then 10 every time where the market went down
and went don't more

but over the long term the upside is more than the downside so you're going to say something i need the money in the next month do i need money next year do i have kids going to college i have a wedding coming up the you're a bad investor you if you can keep putting money in your 5 10 15 20 25 year you should do well
somebody might be involved aluminum, they'll see tit aluminum pick up before i do.

<br>
[유튜브 : 피터 린치-1989년 전화로 워렌 버핏이 해주고 싶었던 말은](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xnBdRj-4qdU)