---
layout: post
title:  "[영어] 21.08.19 오늘의 미국주식 뉴스 - 미주은"
subtitle:   "story"
categories: invest
tags: story
comments: true
---

### (오늘의 미국주식뉴스) 코인베이스에 느끼는 실망감 / 말도 안되는 가격에 거래되는 반도체 종목은? / 헤지펀드 인기 순위 TOP5 반도체 주식 / 경기순환주 & 여행주에 투자하라

오늘은 한국 금리를 올렸다. 졸리다. 이거만 하고 집가야지   
[미주은](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PGBCdPPbHQ4) 을 보고 공부했다.

---

### 5 Best Semiconductor Stock To Invest In Right Now
- 5) AMD : In the second quarter of 2021, Advanced Micro Devices. Inc's global market share jumped 22.5% for CPUs for notebook PCs and servers. up from 18.3% in the previous year.
- 4) QUALCOMM : Currently, QUALCOMM Incorporated pays an annualized dividend of $2.72 per share and offers a 1.83% dividend yield.
- 3) TSMC : The company currently pays an annualized dividend of $1.78 per share and offers a dividend yield of 1.54%. TSMC is on schedule to begin commercial production in its $12 billion fabrication facility in Arizona by 2024.
- 2) NVIDIA : The company pays an annualized dividend of $0.16 per share and offers a dividend yield of 0.08%.
- 1) Intel Corporation : Intel currently pays an annualized dividend of $1.39 per share and offers a dividend yield of 2.60%. In July, The Wall Street Journal reported that Intel Corporation was in talks to buy California-based chip foundry GlobalFoundries for $30 billion, which would be the chipmaker's largest acquisition

### TSMC stock gains on reported plans to raise prices by up to 20%
- Foundry giant TSMC reportedly plans to raise its manufacturing prices by 10% to 20% starting with orders expected to be fulfilled in December
- the foundry has notified clients about a 10% price hike for the mature, sub-16 nanometer process manufacturing. Advanced processes of 16nm and above could see price increases of up to 20%
- Earlier this year, TSMC canceled all discounts for customer orders for 2022 as the global semiconductor shortage drove capacity demand

### One lagging Nasdaq 100 stock looks 'ridiculously cheap,' trader says. Why it ay be time to buy
- Chipmaker Micron's stock could prove to be a strong catch-up trade, Joule Financial founder and chief investment officer Quint Tatro told CNBC
- "It is trading at valuations now that are just ridiculously cheap," a nearly seven times forward price-to-earnings multiple
- "Let's say they don't hit those earnings because we do have a slowdown in memory chips, so, it's 10 times or 12 timeds forward earnings - again, still ridiculously cheap,"
- With a "stellar balance sheet" and a sizable position in the computer chip market, Micron is poised to pop if demand for computers picks up

### Mercado Livre acquires Latin American logistics operator Kangu
- Mercado Livre has acquired Kangu, a Brazilian logistics company that operates in Brazil, Colombia and Mexico.
- Deal terms were not disclosed
- The acquisition is in line with company's strategy of increasing investment across its logistics network to boost efficiency for sellers with fastest delivery times in Brazil.
- Kangu is already an important part of our ecosystem, with over 5,000 locations connecting Mercado Livre buyers and sellers. The deal will increase operational efficiency and capillarity as we maintain our focus on delivering to Brazilian customers as quickly as possible
- In 2020, Kangu's revenues grew by 100% Y/Y.

### New Oculus Quest feature can automatically sync VR photos and video clips to your phone
- Oculus has begun rolling out a set of new software features for Quest and Quest 2 virtual reality headsets.
- The v32 update introduces some small, but important tweaks
- an option to automatically sync saved photos and videos captured within VR to the Oculus mobile app for iOS and Android
- Oculus has made a few other changes, including the ability to gift apps and games while you have a headset on. Previously (and frustratingly), gifting had to be done by the Oculus app or through a browser
- If you like to chat with your Oculus friends while in virtual realithm you'll soon find these contacts in the "People" tab within Facebook Messenger in VR.

### Coinbase slammed for what users say is terrible customer service after hackers drain their accounts
- Net Promoter Score(NPS) : 33 NPS

### Unity Workers Question Company Ethics As It Expands From Video Games to War

### Morgan Stanley's Slimmon Says Buy Reopening Before Too Late
- casino, cuise ship, restaurant, retail real estate investment

### 용어 정리
- fabrication : 제작
- mature : 성숙
- catch-up trade : 상승
- balance sheet : 대차대조표
- pick up : 증가하다
- be poised to pop : 증가할 예정
- Deal terms : 딜 금액
- operational efficiency : 운영 효율성
- capillarity : 모세관 현상, 기능성
- roll out : 출시하다
- tweak : 조정
- drain : 유출
- Net Promoter Score(NPS) : 친구한테 이회사 추천할수 있는지에 대한 지표