---
layout: post
title:  "[영어] 21.09.03 오늘의 미국주식 뉴스 - 미주은"
subtitle:   "story"
categories: invest
tags: story
comments: true
---

### (오늘의 미국주식뉴스) 전기차 시장점유율 업데이트 / 캐시우드 착한기업 ETF 종목 리스트 / 로블록스 메타버스가 되어간다 / 페이스북 핀테크 진출 / 유튜브 음악 시장 점령한다

어제 술먹어서 못해서 오늘 급하게 카페와서 쓴다. 꾸준함이 중요하지    
[미주은](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=59A2np0SQAU) 을 보고 공부했다.

---

### Jobless claims total 340,000, lowest level since early days of pandemic
- Initial filings for unemployment insurance fell last week to their lowest levels since March 2020.
- First-time jobless claims totaled 340,000 for the week, compared with the 345,000 estimate
- The jobless claims data comes one day ahead of the Labor Department's all-important monthly jobs report, which will show how many jobs U.S. employers added in August.

### Cathie Wood's ARK files for new transparency ETF: no oil, banks, booze, chemicals or candy
- ARK Investment Management is looking to debut a new ETF that will focus on transparency in companies
- In an SEC filing, Cathie Wood's shop outlines the fund, at least 80% invested in stocks in its benchmark Transparency Index, published by Solactive
- "Companies operating in the following industries, are excluded from the index: alcohol, banking, chemicals, confectionary, fossil fuel transportation, gambling, metals, mineral, natural gas, oil and tobacco.
- Among stocks in the benchmark are four megacaps : Amazon, Apple, Microsoft and ARK favorite Tesla
- There are names familiar to ARK fund investors, like Coinbase, Netflix, Roku, Teladoc

### The Waiting List To Buy A Tesla Is Growing Rapidly
- Tesla's Infamous waiting lists are back. For most models, if you order today, you may be lucky to see your new Tesla this year.
- Tesla is currently predicting a wait of four to six weeks for the Performance Model 3, and five to six weeks for the Perfomace Model X. For other models, estimated delivery times can be as far out as April 2022.
- Delivery delays are no longer an existential threat for Tesla. but they certainly aren't good news - later delivery means later payment, and a certain number of impatient buyers are going to give up

### Broadcom EPS beats by $0.05, beats on revenue

### DocuSign EPS beats by $0.07, beats on revenue

### Roblox moving toward saptial audio chat on platform
- Roblox's next move ~ integragin audio chat in to its platform
- allow users to talk naturally into people they bump into on Roblox's platform (rather than typing into a text chat).
- That "spatial audio" would moderate volume based on how close users are to one another: They could have a semi-private conversation, while not being able to hear people across a virtural street.
- As we think about the future of communication in the metaverse, we think that it needs to be very natural and fell very similar to the way we communicate in the real world," Roblox Chief Product Offier Manuel Bronstrein says.

### These are JPMorgan's top stock ideas for September
- RUN(sunrun), DG, STT, BBWI, FDX(FedEx), DELL, SBNY, STZ, LLY, PTON

### Why Facebook Pay's Shopify Integration Matters
- Facebook Pay is venturing futher out beyond the borders of its home turf: The core payments platform for Facebook, Instagram, Messenger and WhatsApp now lands on Shopify as a new way for customers to purchase goods at merchant stores in the U.S., the social media company announced Wednesday
- The system, which is just shy of two years old, launched as a way to transmit money inside the Facebook universe. 
- The shopify rollout could significantly grow the payment platform's footprint, considering the Ottawa-based retail tech juggernaut's $1.12 billion in revenue as of the second quarterand 1.7 million businesses across more than 175 countries. That's just the beginning. The plan is to extend Facebook Pay to more platforms
- The company's payments bid is starting to look like a crucial element of its growing social commerce business. If more people rely on Facebook Pay, they may be more likely to shop Facebook's family of apps as well, since they'd alreday have accounts set up and saved credit card or bank details on file.

### Amazon adding 55,000 tech jobs under new CEO Andy Jassy
- New Amazon Chief Executive Andy Jassy says the company plans to gire 55,000 employees in the coming months for corporate and technology jobs around the world. The announcement comes ahead of the September 15 career day event
- The hires would represent a 20% increase to Amazon's current global headcount of 275,000

### Google's Youtube Music this 50M paid subsribers-report
- YouTube has reached the 50 million mark for paid subscribers to it music-streaming services, according to a report from the Financial Times.
- The subscriber level suggests that YouTube is gaining ground on music streaming rival such as APple Music and Spotify. According to the FT, YouTube reported having 30 million paid subscribers a year ago
- Subscribers pay $10 a month for Youtube Music, or $12 a month for YouTube Premium, wihich includes music and additional video offerings

### 용어 정리
- booze : 술
- transparency : 투명성
- outline : 개요
- confectionary : 과자(confect : 과자)
- as far as : ~까지 (as far out as : ~까지 멀리)
- existential : 실존적
- turf : 잔디(home turf : 홈그라운드)
- veture futher out : 더 나아가다.
- rollout : 첫공개
- transmit : 송금
- juggernaut : 비대한 힘(오토체스 게임캐릭터 이름이었던거같은데ㅋㅋ)