---
layout: post
title:  "[영어] 21.09.07 오늘의 미국주식 뉴스 - 미주은"
subtitle:   "story"
categories: invest
tags: story
comments: true
---

### (오늘의 미국주식뉴스) 오늘당장 사야하는 종목 1개 & 팔아야하는 종목 1개 / 캐시우드 테슬라 예상주가 3000 계산법 / 테슬라 백만개 배터리팩 생산 / 유럽 국가별 전기차랭킹

비온다. 바쁘다 보니 11시 반인데 지금 공부한다. 피곤해서 오늘은 조금만. 화이팅!!      
[미주은](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PF8Ppc93RFc) 을 보고 공부했다.

---

### 1 Stock To Buy, 1 To Dump When Markets Open: Zscaler, Coupang
- Stock To Buy: Zscaler
- Zscaler is scheduled to report earnings after the U.S. market closes on Thursday, Sept. 9 -- has beaten Wall Street;s expectations for profit and sales for 13 consecutive quarters dating back to Q3 2018, thanks to surging demand for its cloud-based security tools.
- Consensus calls for earings per share (EPS of) $0.09 would indicate a growth rate of 80% from EPS of $0.05 in the year-ago period.
- Revenue is forecast to jump roughly 48% year-over-year to a record $186.8 million, benefiting from strong growth for its Zero Trust Exchange platform
- Investors will pay close attention to Zscaler's outlook for the current quarter and beyond as it looks to be one of the main beneficiaries of the ongoing increase in cybersecurity spending amid the rampant surge in cyberattacks.

- Stock To Dump: Coupang
- "Amazon of South Korea," look set to remain under pressure ~ worries over its upcoming initial public offering(IPO) lockup expiry. The lock-up period, which prevented insiders from selling shares, officially ends on Tuesday, Sept, 7.
- Private equity and venture capital firms, such as SoftBank, hold roughly 49% of outstanding sahres. If they were to sell even a fraction of their holdings, it could put large technical selling pressure on Coupang's stock.
- At current levels, CPNG stock is roughly 57% below its all-time peak of $69.00 reached on its first day of trading.
- the firm, which was founded in 2010 and has never turned a profit, reported a wider-than-expected loss for its second quarter, due mostly to negative impact related to a fire which destroyed its biggest logistics warehouse in South Korea.


### 용어 정리
- beneficiary : 수혜자
- amid : (흥분, 공포심이 느껴지는) 가운데에
- rampant  : 만연하는, 걷잡을수 없는
- fraction : 부분, 일부