 ---
layout: post
title:  "[영어] 21.08.12 오늘의 미국주식 뉴스 - 미주은"
subtitle:   "story"
categories: invest
tags: story
comments: true
---

### (오늘의 미국주식뉴스) 오픈도어 대박 어닝 발표후 20% 폭등 / 프로테라 & 니오 어닝 분석 / 유니티 13% 급등의 2가지 이유 / 로빈후드 첫번째 인수건 / 버진갤럭틱 폭락

어제는 못했다.. 약속이 있었기도 하고 그냥 누웠다가 잠들어버렸다. 오늘은 다시 한다. 아 영어공부는 내가 좋아하는거로 해야된다더니 재밌긴 하다. 영어 안한지 몇년 된거 같은데 새록새록  
[미주은](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VsWepXpDlKs) 을 보고 공부했다.

---

### July consumer prices jump 5.4%, but core inflation rises less than expected
- Prices accelerated in July, but about where economists had expected.
- Excluding energy and food, CPI rose by 0.3% last month, shy of economist expectations of a 0.4% increase and well below June's rise of 0.9%
- Used car prices, which rose rapidly between April and June, gained just 0.2% in July after a climb of more than 10% in the prior month.
- The Federal Reserve has been keeping a close eye on inflation reports since it's the central bank's job to maximize employment and keep prices stable.
- Chairman Jerome Powell and other officials acknowledge the recent acceleration in prices but believe that the inflation is "transitory" and that prices won't continue to increase at their current pace for too long.
- "Today's CPI data should help assuage investor fears that the Fed is too laid-back about inflation pressures," wrote Seema Shah, chief strategist at Principal Global Investors. "The details of the data release suggest some easing in the reopening and supply-shortage driven boost to prices, and tentatively suggests that inflation may have peaked. Investors in the transitory camp will feel slightly vindicated."

### Morgan Stanley downgrades Virgin Galactic to under weight, says stock should fall 20%
- It's time for shares of Virgin Galactic to fall back to solid ground after this summer's historic flight with Richard Branson, according to Morgan Stanley
- Analyst Kristine Liwag downgraded the stock to underweight from equal weight, the excitement around Virgin Galactic should cool off as the flight schedule enters a quieter period.
- "We expect shares to return towards long-term valuation of $25 as the company completes a catalyst rich period after Sir Richard Branson's successful flight and transitions to a prolonged period of no flights.
- Virgin Galactic has an flight sheduled for Semptember, but will then enter a period of maintenance for its Eve mothership.

### Upstart stock jumps 23% as Citi upgrades to Buy on Q2 results, full-year outlook
- Citi analyst Peter CHristiansen upgraded the stock to Buy from Neutral.
- An undisclosed bank partner eliminated its minimum FICO requirement for Upstart(UPST) powered loans - another bank partner may do the same, Christiansen said in a note to clients.
- Raises five-year market share expectations for personal loans to 30% from 20%.

### Unity Software Stock Jumps 12% after Analyst Upgrades
- Unity reported a narrower than expected loss on an adjusted basis and revenue that topped analyst estimates.
- It was acquiring a desktop streaming software business called Parsec for $320 million in cash.
- Investors had been wary about ad-tracking changes that Apple(AAPL), but Unity executives have been resolute that the damage would be limited to $30 million on the top line for the full year.
- The company's ad revenue is included in its Operate Solutions segment, which grew 63%.

### Opendoor Technologies EPS beats by $0.10, beats on revenue
- Opendoor Technologies (NASDAQ:OPEN): Q2 GAAP EPS of -$0.24 beats by $0.10

### Proterra reports Q2 results
- Proterra(NASDAQ:PTRA) :Q2 GAAP EPS of -$4.24.

### NIO EPS beats by $0.08, beats on revenue, boost Q3 delivery numbers
- Q3 Guidance : Deliveries of the vehicles to be between 23,000 and 25,000 vehicles(prior 21,000 and 22,000), representing as increase of approximately 88.4% to 104.8% from the same quarter of 2020, and an increase of approximately 5.0% to 14.2% from the second quarter of 2021.

### Robinhood Is Making Its First Acquisition Since Its IPO
- The trading site said Tuesday it agreed to buy all of Say Technologies for about $140 million in cash
- It is unclear when the deal is expected to close.
- Say provides a communication platform that aims to help shareholders take part in proxy voting. Using Say's technology, investors can vote and view documents, ask management questions, and provide feedback



# 용어 정리
- transitory : 일시적인
- assuage : 달래다.
- laid-back : 여유로운
- easing : 완화
- supply-shortage : 공급부족
- tentatively : 잠정적으로
- vindicated : 정당화
- equal weight : 홀드
- excitement cool off : 흥분감이 식어버리다.
- prolonged : 장기간
- undisclosed : 비공개
- eliminate : 제거하다
- FICO : 신용등급(그냥 피코에서 만든 용어임)
- resolute : 단호한
- take part in : 참여하다.
- proxy voting : 원격 주주 투표
