---
layout: post
title:  "[영어] 21.09.17 오늘의 미국주식 뉴스 - 미주은"
subtitle:   "story"
categories: invest
tags: story
comments: true
---

### (오늘의 미국주식뉴스) AMD 인텔 아키텍처 버리나? / 인텔의 미래는 ASML이 결정한다 / 아크인베스트 카피캣 등장 / 팔란티어의 스마트 전략 / 아이폰13 작년 실적 넘어섰다

밀린 영어를 해보도록 하지. 오늘은 아침 10시  
[미주은](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MQXJI61KC2Q) 을 보고 공부했다.

---

### Retail sales unexpectedly rise 0.7% in August, recoering from July slump
- August Retail Sales: +0.7% M/M vs. -0.8% consensus and -1.8% prior
- Total sales for the June-August 2021 period increased 16.3% from the same period a year ago.
- Core Retail Sales(오토, 가솔린 제외): +1.8% M/M vs. -0.1% consensus and -1.0% prior
- Ex-Auto & Gas: +2.0% M/M vs. -0.3% consensus and -1.4% prior
- 10-year Treasury yield jumps 4 basis points to 1.34%.

### AMD: We Stand Ready to Make Arm Chips
- AMD's CFO Devinder Kumar recently commented that AMD stands ready to manufacture Arm chips if needed, noting that the company's customers want to work with AMD on Arm-based solutions.
- AMD CEO Lisa Su earlier in the year that underscored the company's willingness to create custom silicon solutions for its customers, be they based on x86 or Arm architectures.

### ASML is the key to Intel's Resurrection Just like ASML helped TSMC beat Intel
- Intel is dependent upon ASML for Its entire futere
- Right now TSMC is miles ahead of Intel in EUV tool count and experience which is the key to advanced technology nodes. If both TSMC and Intel buy tools and technology at an equal rate. TSMC will stay ahead.
- Introduction of high-NA EUV is the next inflection point for Intel Just as EUV was an inflection point that vaulted TSMC.
- Back when ASML was struggling with EUV. making slow progress on a questionable technology. they were looking for an early adopter to take the plunge and convince the industry that EUV was real.
- At the time, Samsung, TSMC and Intel were not signed up to EUV and viewed it very suspiciously. Nobody was willing to be the first to commit to it
- Then Apple changed all that by telling TSMC it needed to do EUV. for better chip performance, and Apple would write a check for it
- TSMC's earlier adoption of EUV helped it pull ahead of both Intel and Samsung over the past few years.
- There is another simliar inflection point coming up in the industry today its high-NA eUV basically the second generaton of EUV technology. Similar to the first round of EUV ther is hesitation in the industry as chip makers are unsure of the need for high-NA
- ASML needs another early adopter to push the industry along
- Obviously there was some behind the scenes discussion between ASML & Intel as Intel came out with full throated support of high-NA EUV technology.

### Goldman follows Cathie Wood's Ark with new tech focused active ETF
- Wall Street bank Goldman Sachs has launched an actively managed equity fund that will bet on emergin technology companies, following ~ the blockbuster success of Cathie Wood's ARk Invest.
- it would target smaller innovative tech companies, with nearly half outside the US, and not hold mega caps such as Apple and Amazon.
- Goldman said it intends to invest in the fund, which like Ark will provide regular unpdates on its positions and trading, alongside its clients.
- Top Holdings : Marvell Tech, MercadoLibre, HubSpot, Workday, Kingdee International, Entegris, Adyen, Silergy, MediaTek, Atlassian Corp PLC

### Palantir working with Wejo on automotive data ecosystem
- Software company Palantir Technologies is working with Wejo, a specialist in connected vehicle data, to develop an integrated data ecosystem for the automotive industry.
- The partnership between the two aims to use Palantir's Foundry platform and Wejo's data asset, which includes more than 16B data points collected and analyzed per day from a network of 11M live vehicles. Wejo says that it has analyzed more than 10T data points and 48B journeys from connected vehicles so far.

### Apple iPhone 13 showing stronger pre-orders in China than iPhone 12

### Thers's a $25,000 EV Coming, But IT isn's form Tesla
- Xpeng

### Another Blow to General Motors: Bolt EV advice IS Frightening
- because of a fire risk

### Microsoft Office 2021 will launch on October 5th
- launch for comercial customer

### Coinbase to enter crypto futures market

### Beyond Meat supplies McDonald's in Netheralands as McPlant rolls out to another market

### Intellia Therapeutics Announces U.S. FDA Acceptance of Investigational New Drug Application for NTLA-5001
- for the treatment of cancer

### As the market struggles in September, this buyback stock starategy could be a winner
- The Invesco BUyBack Achievers ETF
- TOP 10 : FTNT, ORCL, CHTR, EBAY, ALL, INTC, BIIB, HP, MCK, AMP

### Lawmakers demand answers form Zuckerberg after investigation finds Instagram is toxic for ten girls
- abandon plans for a version of Instagram aimed at kis

### 용어 정리
- Arm : 아키텍터 회사
- underscored : 밑줄치다.
- Resurrection : 부활
- inflection point : 변곡점 (inflection: 굴절)
- just as : 꼭 ~처럼
- vaulted : 뛰어넘는
- Back when : ~ 하던 시절
- convince : 납득시키다. 확신시키다.
- take the plunge : 단행하다. 과감히 뛰어들다. (plunge : 거꾸러뜨리다.)
- sign up : 계약하다
- intend to : 의향이 있다.
- alongside : 나란히, ~와 함꼐