---
layout: post
title:  "[영어] 21.09.23 오늘의 미국주식 뉴스 - 미주은"
subtitle:   "story"
categories: invest
tags: story
comments: true
---

### (오늘의 미국주식뉴스) 톰리 인터뷰-랠리는 계속된다 / 연준 의장 담화문 & 점도표 직접 읽어 봅니다 / 로블록스 나이 통제 / 이번주 개인투자자 매수량 순위 / 소파이 폭등 이유

먼가 추석 끝나고 힘이 안나지만 오늘도 꾸준히  
[미주은](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cOcwUQA6HrY) 을 보고 공부했다.

---

### Federal Reserve holds interest rates steady, says tepering of bond buying coming 'soon'
- The Fed kept benchmark interst rates anchored near zero
- Officials indicated they expecte to begin reducing monthly asset purchases "soon" but did not say when

### Federal Reserve issues FOMC statement
- The Federal Reserve is committed to using its full range of tools to support the U.S. economy in this challenging time, thereby promoting its maximum employment and price stability goals.
- The Committee seeks to achieve maximum employment and inflation at the rate of 2 percent over the longer run. With inflation having run persistently below this longer-run goal, the Committee will aim to achieve inflation moderately above 2 percent for some time so that inflation averages 2 percent over time.
- The Committee decided to keep the target range for the federal funds rate at 0 to 1/4 percent and expects it will be appropriate to maintain this target range until labor market conditions have reached levels of maximum employment and inflation has risen to 2 percent and is on track to moderately exceed 2 percent for some time.
- Last December, the Committee indicated that would continue to increase its holdings of Treasury sercurities by at least $80 billion per month and of agency mortgage-backed securities by at least $40 billion per month until substantial furher progress has been made toward its maximum employment and price stability goals. Since then, the economy has made progress toward these goals. If progress continues broadly as expected, the Committee judges that a moderation in the pace of asset purchases may soon be warranted.

### Most Fed officials still see a rate hike in 2023, half expect hike next year

# Retail investors are buying the September dip. Here's what they are adding this week
- AAPL, AMD, AMC, MSFT, BABA, VZ, WYNN, LVS, NVDA, INTC

### Apple sees 5M iPhone pre-orders in China

### Microsoft shows off revamped line of Surface devices 

### SoFi Technologies climbs 4% after Jefferies initiates at Buy on Flywheel potential

### Najarian Sees Massive Put Buying In Facebook
- negatively impacting the mental health
- privacy changes Apple


### 용어 정리
- benchmark interest : 기준 금리
- Retail investors : 개인 투자자
- revamp : (보기 좋도록)개조하다
- Massive Put Buying : 풋 옵션