---
layout: post
title:  "[영어] 21.09.14 오늘의 미국주식 뉴스 - 미주은"
subtitle:   "story"
categories: invest
tags: story
comments: true
---

### (오늘의 미국주식뉴스) 스퀘어 다음 레벨로 진화중 / 에어비엔비 팔고 사야할 7개 종목은? / 인텔과 AMD 경쟁 과열 조짐 / 페이스북 스마트 안경 공개 / 오픈도어 급락한 이유

이제 어느정도 습관이 된거 같아서 집에서 10시반쯤 하려고 한다.    
[미주은](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jn5Tr_UMtMk) 을 보고 공부했다.

---

### House Democrats propose raising capital gain tax to 28.8%
- House Democrats proposed a top federal rate of 25% on long-term capital gains, according to legislation issued Monday. Top rate would be 28.8%
- The new rate would apply to gains realized after Sep. 13.
- In 2022, it would kick in for single filers with taxable income over $400,000 and for married couples at $450,000

### Fiverr stock jumps as CEO says hyper-seasonality is "more moderate" now
- Fiverr stock reached a one-month high after CEO Micha Kaufman and CFO Ofer Katz seemed optimistic on the company's outlook at the Citi 2021 Global Technology Virtual Conference Monday.
- In August, Fiverr lowerd revenue and earnings guidance citing hyper-seasonality resulting from consumers spending less time online as the COVID-19 pandemic would down
- Kaufman believes that nearly half of employed Americans will be independent workers by the end of the decade, up from 40% currently, and that more and more them will use Fiverr's online services that easily match freelancers with consumers.
- Ther two executives also said the take rate should continue to increase growing to 27.8% from 27.2% during the second quarter.

### Opendoor Technologies announces 28M share secondary stock offering
- Opendoor Technologies trades 4.3% down after hours on commencing a proposed registerd secondary public offering of 28M shares by an existing stock holder.
- current outstanding common stock will remain unchanged.

### Square links up Seller, Cash App ecosysytems for contactless payments
- Square starts to connect its two ecosystem as it will allow merchants using its Seller system to accept payments through the Cash App Pay function.


### 단어 정리
- capital gains : 채권, 주식 수익
- legislation : (의회에서 통과하는) 제정법
- the take rate : 총거래에서 매출로 떨어지느냐
- secondary stock offering : 이미 있는 주식을 판매하는거