---
layout: post
title:  "[영어] 21.08.20 오늘의 미국주식 뉴스 - 미주은"
subtitle:   "story"
categories: invest
tags: story
comments: true
---

### (오늘의 미국주식뉴스) 다음 조정장이 와도 매수하지 마라 / 캐시우드가 유일하게 투자하는 배당귀족주식 / 마이크로소프트 투자논리 / 페이스북 가상미팅앱 공개 / 스킬즈 최고의 호재

아 여행 다녀와서 너무 밀렸다. 지금부터라도 열심히 해야지  
[미주은](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fDuUQL8kUTw) 을 보고 공부했다.

---

### Equity markets have come under pressure on the back of the Federal Reserve's July meeting minutes.
- Equity markets have come under pressure on the back of the Federal Reserve's July meeting minutes.
- These suggested central bankers were moving forward with their debate over the timing and scope of the tapering.
- New data on the labor market on Thursday appeared to vindicate the Fed's assessment of the recovery.
- Initial unemployment claims took a major step lower last week, falling to the lowest level since March 2020, and signaling another leap forward in improvements in the labor market

### The One Dividend Aristocrat Held By Cathie Wood's ARK ETFs
- She's known for her high growth disruptive innovation picks, but she does own one long-term dividend grower.
- Caterpillar. Inc(CAT) is a Fortune 100 company based in the United States.
- It is the world's largest manufacturer of construction equipment.
- Caterpillar is the ARK Autonomous Technology & Robotics(ARKQ) ETF's 15th largest holding.
- It has gained more than 25% in 2021
- Caterpillar has been manufacturing autonomous vehicles since the 1990s, but few investors are aware of this. The company also makes semi-autonomous vehicles.
- Caterpillar is already there, notably with their mining customers, while automakers and IT businesses prepare for a future with self-driving cars.

### Microsoft boosts business pricing for Office subscription products; shares rise 2%
- Microsoft is hiking prices for business subscriptions to its Microsoft 365 product, the first such major change since its 2011 launch as Office 365.

### Facebook unveils VR meeting app Horizion Workrooms
- The free app uses Facebooks's Oculus VR headsets to present a virtual meeting room whrer avatars representing meeting participants can use had gestures and see screes and keyboards.




## 용어 정리
- vindicate : 변호하다.
- disruptive : 파괴적인