---
layout: post
title:  "[영어] 21.11.19 오늘의 미국주식 뉴스 - 미주은"
subtitle:   "story"
categories: invest
tags: story
comments: true
---

### (오늘의 미국주식 뉴스 1부) 엔비디아 8% 상승의 이유 / 마이크로소프트, 블리자드 버리나? / 루시드10% 리비안15%, 전기차 종목 잇따른 급락! / 로블록스 대형 호재 발생

막걸리 먹다가 오랜만에 할까 하고 해본다. 오늘부터 모르는 단어를 누적해보기로 한다.  
[미주은](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0WBTGyH7YuM) 을 보고 공부했다.

---

## 내용
### Apple accelerates plans for a fully autonomous car with chip breakthrough
- It is unclear if Apple will announce a production partner anytime soon, but a goal to produce a fully self-driving car by 2025 has been set.
- The competitive development could impact valuations on electric vehicle stocks like Tesla, Fisker, Rivian Automotive, Lucid Motors ...

### Here are Thusday's biggest analyst calls of the day: Amazon, Deere, Square, Uber & more
- Roblox : incrementally bullish on its early metaverse leadership and higher logn-term monetization as it invests to improve its user experience, developer tools, and ability to on board brands.
- Blizzard : sexual misconduct
- Boeing : JPMorgan said in its upgrade of the stock that it sees a favorable risk/reward
- Bank of America reiterates Target as a top pick
- Morgan Stanley names TJX Companies a top pick(의류회사)
- Jefferies reiterates Amazon as buy

### Why did Nvida shares climb more than 8% today?
- Nvidia shares surged more than 8%, Thursday, as investors and Wall Street analysts threw their weight behind the chip giant after its better-than-expected earnings report and outlook
- Vivek Arya, of Bank of America Securites, said Nvidia's data-center business, in particular, is showing strength as evidenced by the fact that the $2.94 billion in sales was 55% higher from a year ago. Arya said Nvidia is in a position to grow data-center sales by 38% in 2022 due to customers adopting the company's Omniverse virtual platorms and cloud customer building up their artificial intelligence workloads.
- Nvidia is at the forefront of some of the largest and fastest growth markets in tech, including cloud computing, gaming, edge processing, metaverse and advanced atutos,"
- On Tuesday, Nvidia Chief Fainancial Officer Colette Kress said the company was sticking with its efforts to acquire chip-technology company Arm Holdings for $40 billion, despite a new investigation into the deal by regulators in the United Kingdom, where Arm is based.

### Nike teams with Roblox on 'Nikeland'

### Microsoft's Xbox chief 'evaluating' ties to Activision in swelling scandal

## 단어 
- monetization :  돈을 많이 벌수 있다로 해석하면 될듯
- reiterate : 되풀이 되어서 말하다.
