---
layout: post
title:  "[영어] 21.08.10 오늘의 미국주식 뉴스 - 미주은"
subtitle:   "story"
categories: invest
tags: story
comments: true
---

### (오늘의 미국주식뉴스) 톰리, 지금이 비트코인 매수 시점 / 테이퍼링은 언제쯤? / 2022년까지 계속 성장할 10종목/ 캐시우드가 최근 집중 매수하는 종목은? / 미국증시전망

일끝나고 카페와서 써본다. 에어컨이 너무 썌서 춥다.
[미주은](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AbQaAQuqtDg) 을 보고 공부했다.

---

### Fundstrat says bitcoin is headed to $100,000 by year-end as a trading rule kicks in
- Bitcoin's price broke $46,000 on Monday - its highest level since the middle of May and Fundstrat Global Advisors believes the digital coin could soar to $100,000 by year-end.
- Bitcoin has surpassed its 200-day moving average, and Fundstrat says now is the time to buy
- That's rule of bitcoin trading, buy above its 200-day moving average, and it's "biggie"
- The cryptocurrency's forward performance is stronger when it's trading above its 200-day moving average, six-month forward return of more than 193% when trading above it, versus more than 10% when trading below that level.
- Among  crypto equities, he highlighted that exchanges Coinbase and Voyager, as well as mining compnay Riot Blockchain, have an estimated two to three times beta to bitcoin. That means these shares are volatile versus the digital asset, but have high return prospects.
- Share of crypto exchanges are closely tied to the price of bitcoin because so much of the companies' revenue is derived from trading fees. However, many are working on diversifying their revenue streams. That includes Coinbase, which is due to report its quartrely earnings Tuesday.


### Cerence EPS beats by $0.08, beats on revenue
- Cerence(NASDAQ:CRNC): Q3 Non-GAAP EPS of $0.62 beats by $0.08; GAAP EPS of $0.15 misses by $0.04.
- Revenue of $96.8M(+29.4% Y/Y) beats by $0.84M

### Cerence scales 5% on Q3 earnings beat, increases FY24 revenue guidance
- Record number of auto SOPs(Start Of production) from over 15 auto OEMs
- Increased FY24 revenue target from $600M to $700M(consensus of $589.87M)

### Teladoc Earnings Had 1 Important Metric for Both Bulls and Bears
- Stocks are driven by stories.
- Although long-term performance is determined by how much a compnay earns, its price at any give time is a reflection of the story market participants choose to believe. That's why markets have buyers and sellers. The believe different stories about the company's future.
- The story for Teladoc Health(NYSE:TDOC) has gotten more complicated in the past two years.
- One of the most important questions coming out of the pandemic is whether cosumer behaviors have been permanently altered. Most people expect food delivery, e-commerce, and remote work to slow compared to the pace of growth in 2020.
- The seemed especially true of doctor's offices. Virtual visits become the norm last year but patients want to see their doctors in person -- or do they? Teladoc is seeing utilization -- the percent of its members who are taking advantage of virtual visits -- continuing to climb.
- For those expecting things to go back to the way they were, there is no evidence of that yet.

###  


### 용어 정리
- Record number : 최고의 성적
- SOPs(Start Of prodduction) : 새롭게 이 제품을 사용하는 회사