---
layout: post
title:  "[영어] 21.09.01 오늘의 미국주식 뉴스 - 미주은"
subtitle:   "story"
categories: invest
tags: story
comments: true
---

### (오늘의 미국주식뉴스) 2014년 테이퍼링 당시 급등한 종목 리스트 / 테슬라 전력 판매 임박 / 파월 의장 잭슨홀 연설 직접 들어보고 투자에 반영하세요 / 스퀘어 비트코인 거래소

오늘부터 9월이다. 운전하고 머하고 하다보니 벌써 10시반이다 빨리하고 자자.    
[미주은](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GDXMFN7g2s4) 을 보고 공부했다.

---

### The S&P hasn't seen a year-to-date rally this strong since 1997. What's next?


### History suggests a Stock Market Crash Is Likely: 5 Data Points of Concern
1. Crashes and corrections happen frequently
    - S&P 500 has undergone 38 declines of at least 10% since the beginning of 1950. on average, every 1.87 years 
    - we're more than 1.4 years removed from the bear-market bottom of the coronavirus crash
    - The average length of the aforementioned 38 declines since 1950 is 188 calendar days or about six months. It's grown even shorter since computers became mainstream on Wall Street in the mid-1980s, with an average correction length of 155 days (five months).
2. The S&P 500's valuation spells trouble
    - The S&P 500 Shiller P/E closed last week at 38.58, which is nearly a two-decade high. It's also well over double the average Shiller P/E of 16.84, dating back 151 years.
    - In each of the previous four instances that the S&P 500's Shiller P/E shot above and sustained 30, the index lost anywhere from 20% to 89% of its value

### CrowdStrike raises full-year guidance for second time this year
- CrowdStrike shares are down 3.4% after hours despite reporting second-quarter earnings results that topped Wall Street estimates and raising the full-year guidance for the second quarter in a row.
- Total revenue increased 70% compared to the same period last year, $14 million ahead of consensus, with subscription sales accounting for $184.3 million, a 71% growth for the segment.
- Adjusted earnings of $0.11 per share beat estimates by two cents.
- CrowdStrike added 1,660 net new subscription customers in the quater for a total of 13,080, up 81% on the year.

### Zoom CFO: We're seeing a post-COVID transition
- the company was going through a post-COVID "transition period"
- now represented 36% of total revenue, compared to about 20% before the pandemic.
- the company was losing ground to competitors, attributing the firm's guidance strictly to the changeing market in the post-COVID economy.

### Proterra is called an electric vehicle SPAC standout by BofA
- Bank of America launches converage on Proterr with a Buy rating and price objective of $15 price objective.
- Proterra is differentiated from other electric vehicle SPAC firms with a long sales history, tested and refined product, secured supply chains, well defined future partnerships, and manufacturing capability.
- BofA expects the EV stock to rerate ~ and expands as a supplier of BEV power.

### Cathie Wood Has Bought Komatsu Almost Every Day Since Mid-August
- Cathie Wood has been increasing stake in Japanese construction machinery bellwerther Komatsu Ltd. almost every day since the middle of this month.
- Ark Autonomous Technology and Robotics ETF (ARKQ) bought American depository receipts of the excavator maker in most trading sessions since August 17, after selling some of the stock in May.
- Ark's move into the company comes with the stock down more than 20% from its year-to-date high in March, even as earnings upgrades continued and as the U.S. moves closer to passing the $550 billion bipartisan infrastructure bill. Komatsu gets about 37% of its revenue from the Americas.

### Tesla advances goal of selling vehicles in challenging India market
- Tesla tracks closer to selling cars in India after receiving approval to make or import different models in the nation

### Jefferies says buy Virgin Galatic stock on the dip to play the $120 billion space travel market

### 용어 정리
- aforementioned : 앞서 언급한
- correction : 조정
- Shiller P/E : 10년치의 Earning으로 계산하며 인플레이션 퍼센트를 고려한 P/E
- refined : 세련된
- secure : 확보하다
- excavator : 굴착기