---
layout: post
title:  "[영어] 21.08.30 오늘의 미국주식 뉴스 - 미주은"
subtitle:   "story"
categories: invest
tags: story
comments: true
---

### (오늘의 미국주식뉴스) 2014년 테이퍼링 당시 급등한 종목 리스트 / 테슬라 전력 판매 임박 / 파월 의장 잭슨홀 연설 직접 들어보고 투자에 반영하세요 / 스퀘어 비트코인 거래소

월요일이다. 매일해야 된다. 그래야 오히려 안힘들다.      
[미주은](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nEWK9s1-9Vg) 을 보고 공부했다.

---

### These stocks were big winners during the last Fed taper and analysts love them now
- As the Federal Reserve prepares to begin slowing its Covid-era asset purchase program by the end of this year, CNBC Pro found which stock performed well during the last quantitative easing taper period.
- market reacted with a so-called "taper tantrum" when the central bank revealed the policy change in 2013. investor panic resulted in a sell-off of bonds and surgin Treasury yields.
- Fed Chair Jerome Powell indicated Friday that the central bank will likely begin withdrawing some of its easy-money policeis before the end of 2020.
- CNBC Pro screened the S&P 500 for stocks that gained 30% or more during 2014 taper. From that pool, we found the names at least 60% of analysts say to buy with an average 12-month price taget at least 10% higher than current prives.
- LUV(Southwest Airline Co.), EA, CNC, MU(Micron Tech), VRTX, ALK, WMB, LRCX, ANTM, UNP, FB, AAPL, HUM, FANG, STE

### Tesla files to sell electricity in Texas
- Tesla filed an application earlier this month ~ to sell power on the retail market through a new subsidiary dubbed Tesla Enaergy Ventures.
- Also, the company told the state's grid operator that it wants to build two giant, 250-megawatt batteries, one of its factory under construction near Austin, and the other outside Houston.
- Tesla could sell kilowatts that are either drawn from the grid or pulled from Tesla-made home batteries. Importantly, Tesla could also let individual Texans with solar panels earn money by sharing their excess power with the grid.
- if the filing is approved this November, it is believed that the new Tesla Energy Ventures could stand out in a crowd where 120 other companies are already hawking kilowatts.

### Affirm jumps 30% as Amazon to integrate pay-over-time into its cart
- Affirm Holdings(NASDAQ:AFRM) is up 30% after hours Amazon.com(NASDAQ:AMZN) selects the network as tis first ever buy-now, pay-later option.
- The two companies say ther're testing the solution with some customers and will broaden the offering over the coming months
- It promises a vast broadening of Affirm's base, which to date has included as Peloton and Walmart.
- It doesn't say whether the installment payments will come with interest charged.

### 용어 정리
- quantitative easing : 양적 완화
- tantrum : 짜증을 내다.
- electricity : 전기
- subsidiary : 자회사
- dubbed : ~라 불리는(dub : 별명을 붙이다)
- grid operator : 전력망 업체
- stand out in a crowd : 군계일학(stand out : 두드러지다.)
-  installment payments : gkfqnrma