---
layout: post
title:  "[영어] 21.08.31 오늘의 미국주식 뉴스 - 미주은"
subtitle:   "story"
categories: invest
tags: story
comments: true
---

### (오늘의 미국주식뉴스) 톰리, 커다란 조정이 온다 / 피해야 할 투자종목 10개는? / 웨드부시 선정 최고의 테크주 TOP10 / 페이팔 주식거래사업 진출 / 전기차 주행거리 순위

어제 나스닥, S&P가 신고가 쳤고, 월말에 한국시장도 좋았다. 공부하자 이제.  
[미주은](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=C2QyboMZyAw) 을 보고 공부했다.

---
### Wedbush sees tech stocks rallying 7% to 10% into year-end - here are its top picks
- "We believe Fedspeak and messaging coming out of Jackson Hole is very bullish for tech stocks with an 'all clear for risk-on assets' in the near-term led by tech stocks," Wedbush analyst Daniel Ives told client.
- on Friday Federal Reserve Chair Jerome Powell signaled that bond tapering could start this year, but the central bank is in no rush to raise interest rates.
- "Our bullish view of tech stocks over the years is predicated on our multi-year thesis that the digital transformation story across the consumer and enterprise ecosystem is still in ther early innings.
- APPL, DOCU, MSFT, PANW, SAIL, ZS, CYBR, FTNT, NICE, PEGA

### Zoom Video Communications EPS beats by $0.20, beats on revenue
- Q2 Non-GAAP EPS of $1.36 beats by $0.20; GAAP EPS of $1.04 beats by $0.24.
- Revenue of $1.02B (+53.7% Y/Y) beats by $29.73M
- Number of customers contributing more than $100,000 in TTM revenue up 131% year over year.
- Operating margin of 28.8% and non-GAAP operating margin of 41.6%
- FCF was $455.0 million, compared to $373.4 million in the second quarter of fiscal year 2021.
- *3Q 22 Outlook* : Total revenue is expected to be between $1.015B and 1.020B (consensus $1.01B) and Non-GAAP diluted EPS is expected to be between $1.07 and $1.08 (consensus $1.09).

### Apple shares reach all-time high on busy day for tech titan
- Apple shares put in an all-time high close Monday on what was a day of multiple goings-on
- By the time the closing bell rang, Apple had risen 3%, to finish at $153.12 a share.
- 90.2 million Apple(AAPL) shares traded hands Monday, up from the average of 76.3 million shares a day
- Among the happening were:
- The company lined up Scarlett Johansson and Chris Evans, ~ to star in an upcoming Apple TV+ exclusive movie currently called 'Ghosted'
- Apple TV+ also said its scored former 'Daily Show' Jon stewart' that will debut on Sept.30.
- A new forecast from tech research firm IDC estimated that iPohone shipments will rise 14% this year and exceed the growth of Android smartphones.
- The company also reached a deal to expand its Apple Music offering with the acquisition of classical music app Primephonic.  

### PayPal stock jumps 3% as it explores stock-trading platform amid retail trading boom: CNBC
- PayPal shares bounce as it explores a possible stock-trading platform to allow users to trade individual stocks, CNBC reports.
- The payments giant also recently hired Co-founder of online brokerage TradeKing, Rich Hagen, who is now the CEO of Invest at PayPal.
- Shares of PayPal gains while Robinhood stock heads lower.
- Keep in mind that PayPal has 400M accounts worldwide, implying plenty of demand to meet if the company were to launch the trading platform.
- The process of becoming a brokerage firm could take more than eight months
- Previously, (August 23) PayPal launches cryptocurrency service in U.K.

### Goldman found 'shared favorites' stocks that both mutaual and hedge funds love
- Mutual funds and hedge funds are generally very different from each other when it comes to risk and exposure, but Goldman Sachs has released a list of stocks loved by both
- ADBE, FISV, GM, LBRDK, MA, SQ, TWLO, V, WFC

### Longest-range electric vehicle (EVs) you cna buy in 2021
- How EV mile range is determinded : Estimated range for electic vehicles is determinded through a testing of energy efficiency from one of several certified organizations. In the U.S., the Environmental Protection Agency(EPA) is tasked with calculating the operating range on single charge before an EV goes to market.

### Avoid these potential stock blow-ups in your portolio, according to Wolfe Research
- The research firm analyzed second-quater financial results to find potential underperforming stocks. Wolfe Research measures earnings quality using factors including cash flow, asset growth, tax rate and more.
- earngin quality (EQ) score
- The firm identified large cap companies with at least a $3 billon market cap in the bottom 20% of its earnings quality score. From that pool ~ with high short interest relative to the company's sector
- "The combination of low earning quality (EQ) and high short interest is our highest conviction cohort of stocks to avoid
- RH, SFIX, SAM, BYND(Beyond Meat), BKR, TDOC(Teledoc), RUN(Sunrun), NOVA, AMD(Advanced Micro Devices)


### 용어 정리
- coming out of : ~에서 나오다.
- no rush : 서두르지 않다.
- thesis : 명제
- FCF(Free Cash Flow) : 잉여현금흐름
- dilute : 희석한
- exclusive : 독점적인
- debut : 데뷔
- brokerage : 중개
- blow-up : 폭발
- conviction 확신
- SHort interest : 공매도