---
layout: post
title:  "[영어] 21.08.09 오늘의 미국주식 뉴스1 - 미주은"
subtitle:   "story"
categories: invest
tags: story
comments: true
---

### (오늘의 미국주식뉴스) 월가 전문가들의 목표주가 산정방법은? / AMD 싸게 매수하는 편법 공개 / 백악관에 모인 전기차 기업들, 그런데 테슬라는? / 7월 고용보고서 상세 분석

월요일이라 쳐진다. 그래도 한다.
[미주은](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6LfuEHNwAHo) 을 보고 공부했다.

---

### The Employment Situation - JULY 2021
- Total nonfarm payroll employment rose by 943,000 in July, and the unemployment rate declined by 0.5 percentage point to 5.4 percent
- Notable job gains occured in leisure and hospitality, in local goverment education, and in professional and business services.

### The Employment Situation Report
- 943K jobs vs. 900K consensus.
- That implies that the economy may be strong for the Federal Reserve to enough start tapering its assets purchases soonner rather than later.
- As a result, investiors dived out of the long bond(NASDAQ:TLT)(-1.5%), while the 10-year UST yield climbed  6% to 130 basis points; Financials, Bitcoin and some agricultural commodities traded higher on Friday.
- The unemployment rate of 5.4% also beat the 5.7% estimate and fell from 5.9% in June.
however, "we're still down over 8M jobs from where we could have been absent the pandemic."
- In addition, the labor force participation rate remains unchanged and well below pre-pandemic levels at 61.7, which means there are still people staying out of the labor force. This, even as a national foreclosure moratoriaum expired in early-August and enhanced unemployment benefits are due to end natuonally in September.

### Warren Buffett's winning equity portfoilio is concentrated in just 4 stocks. Here's what they are
- Warren Buffettt's Berkshire Hathaway reported a strong rebound in earnings on Saturday
- Berkshire revealed that about 70% of its equity portfolio was concentrated in just four names. Take a look at these high-conviction bets from the "Oracle of Omaha."
- Apple : $124.30B, Coca-Cola : $21.60B, American Express : $25.10B, Bank of America : $42.60B

### Invitae jumps on news of merger offer from Exact Sciences
- Invitae(NYSE:NVTA) has gained ~9.2% in post-market trading amid reports that Exact Sciences (NASDAQ:EXAS) has approached the company for a possible merger
- Companies are not in active talks, and if a deal materializes, it could be an all-stock deal a low premium.
- Invitae backed by Ark Investment Management surged in March after ARK's CEO Cathie Wood called the company "probably one of the most important companies in the genomic revolution."

### Xilinx Could Be a Cheap Way to Play AMD, Thanks to the Merger Arbitrage Spread
- Xilinx couild offer a cheap way to play AMD, although the deal awaits regulatory approval in China, and that isn't certain in a climate of worsening realations with the U.S
- Xilinx trading at a 23% discount to the current value of the AMD offer.
- AMD is offering 1.7234 of its shares for each Xilinx share in the all-stock deal. There were rumors ealier Thursday that the deal will get China's approval. AMD is aiming to close the deal by the end of 2021.

### 용어 설명
- national foreclosure moratoriaum : 모기지를 갚지않아도 봐주는거
- unemployment benefits : 실업 수당
- conviction : 확신
- Merger arbitrage spread : 합병 차익 거래 (arbitrage : 차익거래)
- worsening : 악화