---
layout: post
title:  "[영어] 21.08.27 오늘의 미국주식 뉴스 - 미주은"
subtitle:   "story"
categories: invest
tags: story
comments: true
---

### (오늘의 미국주식뉴스) 짐크레이머, 테이퍼링 신경끄고 내가 찍어주는 기업에 투자해라 / 알파벳에는 드론도 있다 / 엔비디아 자율주행 관련 기업 인수 / 쇼피파이 자체 유통 시스템

잭슨홀 미팅이 온다.   
[미주은](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=goEm1s9uVl8 을 보고 공부했다.

---

### South Korea becomes first develpoped nation to hike interest rates in pandemic era

### Nvidia completes DeepMap acquisition for high-definition AV mapping
- Nvidia closes its acquisition of startup DeepMap, maker of high-definition mapping solutions, to bolster its autonomous vehicle technology. Financial terms of the deal weren't disclosed.
- "DeepMap is expected to expand our full self-driving expertise."
- Autonomous vehicles depend on precise localization for the vehicle to locate itself in its surroundings. Proper localization depends on constantly updated maps with real-time reflections of changing road conditions like closed lanes or construction
- Founded five years ago by veterans of Apple and Baidu, DeepMind uses crowedsourced data from vehicle sensors to build its constantly updating maps as a vehicle drives. DeepMap can use Nvidia's Drive software-defined autonomous vehicle platform to scale the maps quickly. Nvidia will also continue to invest in new DeepMap capabilities.

### Alphabet's Wing surpassing 100,000 customer drone deliveries
- Wing - the drone delivery unit of Google parent Alphabet
- In an update on its coming second anniversary making deliveries in Logan, Australia, Wing says it's mad 50,000 deliveries directly to customer homes there in just the last eight months.
- Residents of Logan (300,000 polulation) "ordered alost 4,500 deliveries in the first week of August, meaning that a Logan resident on average received a drone delivery nearly once every 30 seconds during our service hours."
- That's included rapid drone delivery 10,000 cups of fresh coffee over the past year more than 1,200 "chooks"(hot roast chicken dinner)
 
 ### TSMC stock gains on reported plans to raise prices by up to 20%
 
 ### Apple could pass chip costs into higher iPhone 13 prices
 - Apple could raise the prices for its upcoming iPhone 13 lineup as chip manufacturing parter TSMC moves to raise its costs
 - TSMC could raise Apple's prices by 3% to 5%, Apple might pass on to consumers.
 - TSMC is reportedly raising overall prices from 10% to 20% but is offering a discount to its largest client.

### Apple could pass chip costs into higher iPhone 13 prices

### Profit winners: These stocks have the highest margin and best prospects to keep expanding them
- Companies faced higher input costs in the second quarter, but kept net margins high by passing on inflation to consumers through raising prices.
- some point the real economy will find it hard to pass on higher cost without necessarily seeing demand subside. close watch needs to be kept on margins.
- CNBC Pro identified S&P 500 members with at least a 30% operating margin last quarter. Operating margin measures how much profit a company makes on its sales after paying for operating costs like wages or raw materials.
- From that pool, we found the companies with an estimated earnings-per-share growth this year of 20% or more with a buy rating from at least 60% of analysts.
- SYF, COF, FANG, MA(Mastercard), CFG, WY, CPRT, MCD(McDonald), FB, NVDA, AMT, C, ADBE, ADI, FCX, PXD, AMAT(Applied Materials), NEM, LRCX, GOOGL(Alphabet), HOLX, AVGO(Broadcom)

### Jim Cramer says 'run with the bulls' and buy these winning stocks
- CNBC's Jim Cramer offerd investors a basket of stocks he believes can continue to succeed.
- Forget the big picture stuff
- Semiconductors : I prefer AMD and Nvidia
- Financials : Morgan Stanley, Wells Fargo
- Retail : Best Buy, Bed Bath & Beyond
- Agriculture : AGCO(농업장비회사), Deere(농업장비회사)

### EXCLUSIVE: SHopify to open first U.S distribution center in Georgia
- The e-commerce platform purchased the warehouse software and autonomous robot maker 6 River Systems Inc. in 2019 for $450M in preparation for its move into physical distribution

### 용어 정리
- high-definition : 고화질
- bolster : 강화하다.
- precise : 정확한
- subside : 빠지다. 진정되다.
- operating margin : 영업마진
- EXCLUSIVE : 독점뉴스
- distribution : 유통