---
layout: post
title:  "[영어] 21.08.25 오늘의 미국주식 뉴스 - 미주은"
subtitle:   "story"
categories: invest
tags: story
comments: true
---

### (오늘의 미국주식뉴스) 글로벌 엑티브펀드 인기종목 TOP10 공개 / 올말까지 상승장이 계속될 수 있는 이유는? / 지금은 반도체에 투자할 시기 #유니티주식전망 #쇼피파이주식전망

늦게 집에와서 늦게 슬슬 영어공부를 한다. 음 뭔가 도움이 되는것 같기도 하고... 일단 최소한 맨날 귀찮다고 안하던 영어를 이렇게라도 쓰면서 읽어보는게 조금이라도 도움이 될거같다. 드라마로 공부하면 좋다는데 도저히 재미가 없어서 볼수가없기에..  
[미주은](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YUR695uB26A) 을 보고 공부했다.

---

### S&P 500 will rally more than 7% into year-end before falling in 2022, Wells Fargo top analyst says
- Christopher Harvey raised his year-end S&P 500 target to 4,825, representing an upside of 7.7%.
- "Over the last 31 years, there have been nine instances where the S&P 500 had a price return of 10%+ in the first eight months of the year; over the next four months, the index averaged another +8.4%. None of these instances produced a negative return during those last four months."
- However, Harvey's bullishness doesn't extend into next year. ~ per ratio should shrink ~
- "By the second half of 2022, we believe monetary policy will be much less accommodative than it is today and multiple compression should be expected."

### Airbnb announces plans to house 20,000 Afghan refugees
- Statement from CEO Brian Chesky: "Starting today, Airbnb will begin housing 20,000 Afghan refugees globally for free. While we will be paying for these stays, we could not do this without the generosity our Hosts.
- I hope this inspires other business leaders to do the same. There;s no time to waste.
- the U.S. has evacuated roughly 48,000 people from Afghanistan in recent days (10,400 people were flown out on Monday alone)

### CrowdStrike Holdings gains on Nasdaq-100 inclusion
- CrowdStrike Holdings(NASDAQ:CRWD) will become a component of the NASDAQ-100 Index, the NASDAQ-100 Equal Weighted Index, and the NASDAQ-100 Technology Index before the market opens on August 26 to replace Maxim Integrated Products(NASDQ:MXIM)

### Shopify expands TikTok partnership with in-app shopping
- TikTok is partnering with Shopify (SHOP +4.2%) and will allow users to purchase directly from the e-commerce platform through the TikTok app.
- Despite many TikTok influencers promoting clothing and other products, users had previously only been able to purchase goods on the app through paid advertisements.
- Now, Shopify merchants in a pilot program will be able to add a "Shopping" tab to their profiles and provide links to products within posts that direct consumers to the merchant's Shopify website page.

### Google's Waymo starts self-driving taxi sercice in San Francisco
- The new taxis are equipped with the fifth generation of Waymo's autonomous vehicle system, called Waymo Driver, and it's built on experience from 20 million self-driven miles on public roads, as well as 10 billion simulated miles.
- San Franciscans can download the Waymo One app and look to join the program, which will be limited at first to a group with varied transportation needs (including wheelchair accessibility)

### 용어 정리
- shrink : 수축
- compression : 압축
- accommodative : 수용적인
- refugee : 난민
- generosity : 관대
- evacuate : 대피시키다