---
layout: post
title:  "[영어] 21.08.13 오늘의 미국주식 뉴스 1 - 미주은"
subtitle:   "story"
categories: invest
tags: story
comments: true
---

### (오늘의 미국주식뉴스) 팔란티어 어닝 발표 후 11.4% 급등 / 11% 폭락중인 소파이 자세히 보면 매수 기회 / 애플, 어펌과 할부 결제 서비스 런칭 / 디즈니 어닝후 상승중

주말의 좋은 점은 역시 못한 숙제를 할수 있기떄문인가? 아침 일찍 카페에 나와서 정리하고 있다. 1은 지금 올리고 좀 있다가 2도 올려야겠다. 화이팅!  
[미주은](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=U75FF3qLAD4) 을 보고 공부했다.

---

### Palantir Technologies EPS beats by $0.01, beats on revenue, guides Q3 revenue above estimates
- PLTR : Q2 Non-GAAP EPS of $0.04 beats by $0.01; GAAP EPS of -$0.07 in-line.
- Revenue of $375.64M (+49.1% Y/Y) beats by $14.54M.
- Q2 adjusted operating margin of 31% vs. a guidance of 23%
- US commercial revenue grew 90% year-over-year.
- Closed 62 deals of $1 million or more, of which; 30 deals are $5 million or more, 21 deals are $10 million or more.
- 20 net new customers added in Q2 2021, total customers up 13% quarter-over-quarter.
- Commercial customers count increased 32% quarter-over-quarter.
- For Q3 2021, PLTR expect $385 million in revenue (consensus: $380.13M)

### SoFi Technologies EPS misses by $0.42, beats on revenue
- SOFI : Q2 GAAP EPS of -0.49 misses by $0.42.
- Revenue of $237.2M (+74.2% Y/Y) beats by $18.6M.

### SoFi Technologies stock dips after soft Q3 huidance, adjusted EBITDA loss expected
- SoFi Technologies drops 13% in after-hours trading after its Q3 revenue guidance comes in under both analyst estimate.
- This is despite lowering our expectations for student loan refinancing revenue by $40M, due to the extension of the CARES Act moratorium on student load payments from Sept.30, 2021 to Jan. 31, 2022

### Airbnb EPS beats by $0.32, beats on revenue
- Airbnb : Q2 GAAP EPS of -$0.11 beats by $0.32.
- OUTLOOK : While the COVID-19 pandemic creates ongoing uncertainty for our future results, ~

### Disney EPS beats by $0.25, beats on revenue
- Disney+ subscribers of 116M vs. 112.8M estimate.

### Apple financing partnership with Affirm for iPone, iPad, and Mac sales goes live in Canada
- Get 0% APR for up to 24 months.
- Apple is also promoting the new program with a dedicated page where customers can apply for Affirm credit for future purchases through the Apple Store
- Apple is also planning a more ambitious finacing program for all puchases made using Apple Pay. This program would work with any Apple Pay payment method and not just Apple Card

### 용어 정리
- moratorium : 금전 채무의 이행을 연장시키는것
- Annual Percentage Rate(APR) : 이자율