---
layout: post
title:  "[ì˜ì–´] 21.08.02 ì˜¤ëŠ˜ì˜ ë¯¸êµ­ì£¼ì‹ ë‰´ìŠ¤ - ë¯¸ì£¼ì€"
subtitle:   "story"
categories: invest
tags: story
comments: true
---

### (ì˜¤ëŠ˜ì˜ ë¯¸êµ­ì£¼ì‹ë‰´ìŠ¤) ì•„ë§ˆì¡´ ëª©í‘œì£¼ê°€ ì¼ì œíˆ í•˜í–¥ ì¡°ì • / ARK ì¸ë²„ìŠ¤ ETF ë“±ì¥í–ˆë‹¤ / ìŠ¤í€˜ì–´ ì´ˆëŒ€í˜• ì¸ìˆ˜ê±´ / ë©”íƒ€ë²„ìŠ¤ì— íˆ¬ìí•´ì•¼ í•˜ëŠ” ì´ìœ  / JPëª¨ê±´ í…ŒìŠ¬ë¼ í•˜ë½ ë°°íŒ…
  
ì›”ìš”ì¼ì´ë¼ ë§¤ìš° ê³µë¶€í•˜ê¸° ì‹«ì§€ë§Œ, ì¹´í˜ì™€ì„œ ì¡°ê¸ˆë§Œ í•˜ì..ì¼ë‹¨ 10ë¶„ì •ë„ë§Œ!!
[ë¯¸ì£¼ì€](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QvClgaMyuLQ) ì„ ë³´ê³  ê³µë¶€í–ˆë‹¤.

---
### Wall Street analysts react to Amazon's disappointing second-quarter earnings
- buy , price target to $4100 from $4400 

### These companies reporting earnings tend to miss expectations and see their shares slide
- Earnings season continues this week, and investors might want to steer clear of companies that usually dip after their reports.

- CNBC PRO analyzed data from Bespoke Investment Group to identify stocks reporting earnings that usually miss Wall Street projections and fall after thier reports. These stocks hit their marks on earnings per share less than half the time and have an average next-day decline of more than 2%.
- MAXR, SPCE, BYND, UTZ, PACB, BBIO, FATE, SWCH, EB, FRGI

### New ETF aims to short ARK Invest and Cathie Wood's biggest fund
- A prospectus has been filed with the SEC for the Short ARKK ETF(SARK). As the name indicates, the ETF proposes to seek to track the inverse performance of the multi-billion dollar Ark Innovation ETF(ARKK)
- If the fund is approved and moves forward. it will be managed by Tuttle Capital Management CEO Matt Tuttle. The fee structure for the fund is 0.65% of the fund's daily net assets.

### Cathie Wood's ARK picks up more Robinhood, buys Pinterest on the dip
- ARK Investment Management brings its steak in Robinhood(HOOD) to more than 3M shares after the retail brokerage company went public Thursday.
- Cathie Wood's shop bought more than 1.85M shares of HOOD yesterday for its flagship ARK Innovation ETF(ARKK), the ARK Fintech Innovation ETF(ARKF) and the ARK Next Generation Internet ETF(ARKW).
- ARK snapped up shares below the IPO price as Robinhood fell more than 8% in its first day of trading.
- ARKF also picked up nearly 152K shares of Pinterst(PINS), which tumbled more than 18% yesterday.


### ë‹¨ì–´ ì •ë¦¬
- steer clear of : í”¼í•˜ë‹¤ (*steer : ì¡°ì¢…í•˜ë‹¤.)
- projections : ì˜ˆìƒ
- prospectus : ê³„íšì„œ
- snap up shares : ì£¼ì‹ì„ ì‚¬ë‹¤.
- tumble : ì¶”ë½í•˜ë‹¤.