---
layout: post
title:  "[영어] 21.08.03 오늘의 미국주식 뉴스 - 미주은"
subtitle:   "story"
categories: invest
tags: story
comments: true
---

### (오늘의 미국주식뉴스) 테슬라 대박 뉴스 / 10%폭등 스퀘어 어닝 / 퀄컴 CEO 인터뷰 / 스킬즈 호재 등장 / 니오 샤오퍼 리오토 7월 판매 실적 / 테이퍼링 12월에 발표?

와 카페 안가고도 이틀 연속 포스팅 한다. 장하다..
[미주은](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oRcweCbrvSQ) 을 보고 공부했다.

---



### Square EPS beats by $0.35, misses on reveanue
- Square : Q2 Non-GAAP EPS of $0.66 beats by $0.35; GAAP EPS of $0.40 beats by $0.45.
- Revenue of $4.68B(+143.8% Y/Y) misses by $370M

### Square Q2 earnings beat estimate, revenue misses as GPV continues to climb
- Square reports Q2 gross payment volume(총결제금액) increased 29% from the previous quarter.
- Bitcoin revenue slipped from the previous quarter as the price of bitcoin stabilized.
- Cash App reached 40M monthly transacting active customers in June.
- THe comparison against Q3 2020 will be easier for Seller to show gross profit growth but more difficult for Cash App to notch strong gains.

### Grap posts record sales ahead of merger with SPAC Altimeter Growth
- Southeast Asia's largest ride-sharing, food delivery, and online payments company Grab saw sales rise 39% to 507M in its first quarter and EBITDA loss of $111M compared to a loss of $344M in the comparable quater last year.
- Grab has been able to prosper despite Southeast Asian country lockdowns due to a surge in demand for food delivery and online payment services.
- Grab is Southeast Asis's most valuable startup and is pushing into the insurnce business as its next step. The company is set to undergo a merger with SPAC Altimeter Growth Corp.

### Tesla Model 3 & Model Y Take #1 & #2 In World Record Month For Electric Vehicle Sales!
- Global plugin vehicle registrations were up an impressive 153% last month compared to June 2020, scoring a record 583,000 units(or 8.7% share of the overall auto market).
- Fully electric vehicle(BEVs) continue to outperform PHEVs(+154% YoY vs. +151%), with pure electrics representing 70% of plugin registrations. In total, there were some 407,000 registrations of BEVs, or 6.1% share of the overall auto market.
- With the YTD tally now above 2.5 million units (and 6.3% share), and knowing that the second half of the year is traditionally stronger, we should be seeing the plugin vehicle (PEV) market easily surpass not just 5 million but 6 million units this year!


### 단어 정리
- notch : 골짜기
- has been able to : ~을 해올 수 있었다.
- surge in demand : 수요 급증
- undergo a merger : 합병하다.
- YTD : 반년동안
- tally : 기록, 집계