---
layout: post
title:  "[영어] 21.09.16 오늘의 미국주식 뉴스 - 미주은"
subtitle:   "story"
categories: invest
tags: story
comments: true
---

### (오늘의 미국주식뉴스) 마이크로소프트 배당금 11% 올린다 / 캐시우드 테슬라 팔고 매수한 종목은? / 루시드 58% 상승 가능 / 공매도 비율이 중요한 이유 #로블록스주식전망

일찍 시작해야 제대로 할텐데 11시가 넘으니까 너무 졸리다 후    
[미주은](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mjeq9TnZaew) 을 보고 공부했다.

---

### Cathie Wood Sells $66 Million of Tesla Shares, Adds Robinhood
- Cathie Wood's exchange-traded funds sold $66 million of Tesla Inc. share Tuesday and picked up more Robinhood as the retail broker's dismal stock market performance continues.
- Ark Investment sold almost 89,000 shares in Tesla and added more than 236,000 of Robinhood.
- They've added about 390,000 Robinhood shares so far this month.
- Shares in the online brokerage have fallen 43% from their peak in early August.
- Ark is the company's fifth-largest stockholder with just under 1% of the shares.

### Robinhood brings its marketing to college campus

### Bank of America predicts 50% gain in Lucid, compares EV maker to Tesla and Ferrari
- Analyst John Murphy initiated coverage of the stock with a buy rating, calling the company "the Tesla/Ferrari of new EV automakers"
- " Our Buy rating on Lucid Group is predicated on our view that the company is one of the most legitimate among the universe of start-up electric vehicle(EV) and also relative competitive threat to the universe of incumbent automakers.
- In addition to designing consumer vehicles, Lucid also supplies key components for Formula E, the highest level fully electric motorsports league.
- Bank of America set a price target of $30 per share for Lucid, which is 58% above where the stock close Tuesday. The bank said vehicle reservations and progress toward mass production will be key drivers for the stock in the near term

### Microsoft increase dividend by ~11% to $0.62, announces $60B buyback

### Wells Fargo picks Microsoft Azure, Google Cloud for digital tranfromation

### Lemonade stock dips after adding preventative package for yound pets

### Roblox says user numbers climbed again in August

### Adobe challenges Shopify, adds PayPal payment services to e-commerce platform

### JPMorgan says growth will re-accelerate, stop worrying and buy these recovery stocks
- my opinion is BOA


### 단어 정리
- dismal : 암울한
- so far this month : 이달 들어 지금까지
- legitimate : 적당한
- incumbent : 재임자
- mass production : 대량 생산
- key drivers : 비결
