---
layout: post
title:  "[영어] 21.09.06 오늘의 미국주식 뉴스 - 미주은"
subtitle:   "story"
categories: invest
tags: story
comments: true
---

### (오늘의 미국주식뉴스) 운전대 없는 테슬라 모델2, 2023년 출시 / 8월 고용보고서 결과의 영향 / 스마트카 투자 기회를 놓치지 말라 / 일론머스크 - 테슬라 3000 간다

아 월요일이다. 노동절이라 미국장 안열린다.    
[미주은](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mTtuMLxiDeA) 을 보고 공부했다.

---

### August jobs report
- Change in non-farm payroll: +234,000 vs +733,000 expected and a revised +1.053 million in July
- Unemployment rate, August: 5.2% vs. 5.2% expected and 5.4% in July
- Average hourly earnings, month-over-month: 0.6% vs. 0.3% expected and 0.4% in July
- Average hourly earnings, year-over-year: 4.3% vs. 3.9% expected and 4.0% in July 
- for investors, Friday's jobs report served as a critical piece of data informing the Federal Reserve's next move on monetary policy.
- Many Fed officials have suggested they are looking especially closely at labor market data to determine when they will formally announce and then begin tapering
- Another strongger-than-expected jobs report could have signaled the economy had garnered enough momontum to further progress without the help of a highly accomodative monetary policy tilt.
- the extent of the slowdown in jobs growth all-but rules out any tapering announcement at this month's FOMC meeting if this weakness persists, then it could be pushed into early next year.

### Elon Musk talks $25K Tesla, Cybertruck delay, and 'crazy' deliveries
- "This month will be the craziest month for deliveries Tesla will ever have." says Elon Musk in a company-wide call last night.
- Musk believes Tesla will have a better handle on reducing these "delivery pushes" by the first quater of next year, at the latest.
- In other news Musk tells workers he's hoping to have a $25K car available sometime in 2023. The key is the company having a complete self-driving ready to go, and he suggests the "Model 2" may not come with a steering wheel or pedals
- Finally, Mush confirmed that the Cybertruck indeed has been delayed until late in 2022. "It will be a special project. Like a glitch in the Matrix. Like Neo had a car

### Elon Musk says Tesla is worth $3,000 a ashare 'if they execute really well'

### Workhorse accused of fraud and is facing an SEC investigation
- EV startup Workhorse has been accused of touting fake preorders, accounting fraud, and hiding a Securities and Exchange Commission investigation fro mits investors in a new report.

### GM shutting down production at most of its plants
- General Motors will shut production at most of its North American plants for a week or two starting next week as the worsening chip shortage takes another bite
- GM and other automakers had hoped the chip shortage would be mostly behind them by now.
- But the surge in Covid cases, especially in Southeast Asia where many of the chip manufacures are based, has actually created a worsening problem for automakers.
- GM is prioritizing the chips it does have on hand for its most popular and profitable vehicles.
- Still, some of its large pikup and SUV production capacity will be affected by the shutdowns.

### July global semiconductor sales up 2.1% M/M, expects 25.1% Y/Y growth in FY21
- Global semiconductor sales were up 29% on the year in July to %45.4B, a 2.1 increase on the prior month, according to new data from the Semiconductor Industry Association
- Month-over-month sales growth by region: Americas 4.2%; China 1.2%; Japan 3.2%; Asia Pacific/All Other 2.0%, but fell 0.8% in Europe.

### Amazon-branded television could launch in U.S. as soon as October - BI
- Amazon is reportedly planning to launch its own Alexa-enabled branded television in the United States as soon as October.
- the models will range in size from 55 inches to 75 inches
- Amazon has previously teamed up with televsion manufactures to sell electronics with Fire TV software, but the TVs carried the brand name of the partner.
- The move would put  Amazon into direct competition with top television brands such as LG and Sony, which sell products on the e-commerce giant's marketplace

### How to invest behind the smart car of the future
- tech sales to the auto industry are likely to exceed sales to producers of smartphones, computers, tablets and wearables combined in as litte as four year. The auto electric and software markets could be worth a combined $362 billion by 2025, according to McKinsey.
- "Transformed from as mere passenger vehicle into a moving mass of advanced electronics, compelete with infotainment hub, the smart car will dramatically expand the addressable market for tech companies after saturation of the mobile economy,"
- "Smart-car adoption will be highly leveraged to rapidly rising penetration by electric veichles, providing a high-growth opportunity for the tech supply chain."
- the firm identified computing hardware, sensors and software and services as the segments it thinks stand to benefit the most. Here are five of its top picks:
- NVDA, KLAC(반도체), TEL, GLW(Corning Inc, 글라스 회사), GM


### 용어 정리
- garner : (정보,지지 등을)얻다(모으다)
- tilt : 기울어지다
- extent : 범위, 정도(규모)
- rule out : 배제하다.
- persist : 계속(지속)하다.
- come with : 딸려있다.
- accuse : 고발하다
- tout : 장점을 내새우다
- worsen : 악화되다.
- mere : 겨우 ~의
- addressable market : 접근 가능한 마켓
- saturation : 포화