---
layout: post
title:  "[영어] 21.07.30 오늘의 미국주식 뉴스 2부 - 미주은"
subtitle:   "story"
categories: invest
tags: story
comments: true
---

꾸준히 영어공부하기 너무너무 힘들다. 살려줘.. 미주은 보면서 딱 10분 길이정도만 정리해야지.  
좀 손에 익다보면 15분 20분으로 늘려야겠다. 
[미주은](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=blJxvSTqfRM) 이거 보고 손으로 직접 치면서 공부해야지

---

### Microsoft buys artifiial intelligence solutions firm Suplari
- Microsoft acquires Seattle startup Suplari, which uses AI to analyze corporate spending. The ecomnomic terms were not disclosed.

- Suplari currently helps mid-size and large enterprises continuously manage costs and cash flow using unified, cleansed data, automated insights, and predictive actions.

- Microsoft said it would combine Suplari with Microsoft Dynamics 365 "to help customers maximize financial visibility by using AI to automate the analysis of current data and historical patterms from multiple data sources."

- Suplari said its "Suplari Spend Intelligence Cloud" would continue to remain available for existing customers.

### Zoom stock rises after KeyBanc upgrade on hybrid work tailwind
- Expecting the company to benefit from the current and future hybrid work environment. KeyBanc upgrades Zoom Video Communications to Overweight with a $428 price target.

- Analyst Steve Enders writes that video and cloud communications will be long-term priorities for enterprise IT for hybrid work.

- Enders says the upgrade is also backed by the firm's chief information officer and value-added reseller surveys plus a positive outlook regarding the Five9 acquisition.

### Nikola slides after founder Trevor Milton charged with fraud
- Nikola falls after company founder Trevor Milton is charged by U.S. Attorney's Office in Manhattan with three counts of making false and misleading statements to investors

- The charging document alleges ilton mislead investors on "nearly all aspects" of the business

### Robinhood sinks after opening at IPO price of $38
- Robinhood sinks after opening at IPO price of $38

### These two dividend ETFs have generated 20% annualized returns for five years
- Schwab U.S. Dividend Equity ETF
    - SCHD has used both to provide a +108.31% cumulative return over a five-year period. It also has a 2.88% dividend yield that's distributed quarterly
    - SCHD seeks to track the total return of the Dow Jones U.S. Dividend 100 index.
    - SCHD has 102 total holdings, with the top three consisiting of Merch&Co. at 4.26^, Home Depot at 4.20%, and Texas Instruments at 4.18%
    - SCHD has and expense ratio of 0.06%

- iShares Core Dividend Growth ETF
    - DGRO has a +106.43% five-year return adn a 2.03% dividend yeild that's distrbuted quarterly.
    - DGRO invests in growth and value dividend stocks of companies across a diversified market capitalization.
    - DGRO currently has 388 holdings, including top-three positions Microsoft at 3.32%, Apple, whick represents 3.25%, and Pfizer at 2.95%

---

### 단어 숙지 요망
- corporate spending : 기업 지출 비용
- economic terms : 인수 가격
- disclosed : 공개
- hybrid work : 재택+출근
- tailwind : 순풍 (<->headwind 역풍)
- priorities : 우선순위
- charge with fraud : 사기 혐의 (* charge with : 죄로 기소되다.)
- U.S. Attorney's Office : 미국 검찰청(* Attorney : 변호사)
- statement : 진술
- allege : 주장하다.
- dividend : 배당
- Dividend Equity : 배당금
- Dividend Yield : 배당 수익률
- cumualative return : 배당금 재투자
- seek : 추구하다.