---
layout: post
title:  "[영어] 21.09.02 오늘의 미국주식 뉴스 - 미주은"
subtitle:   "story"
categories: invest
tags: story
comments: true
---

### (오늘의 미국주식뉴스) 미국증시 10% 추가 상승 가능한 3가지 근거 / 루시드 폭락 이유 / 차지포인트 어닝 발표후 폭등 / 니오를 버리고 리오토로 갈아타야하나? #페이팔투자가치
일 끝나자마자 해야지.. 오늘은 시간이 없으니     
[미주은](https://www.youtube.com/feed/subscriptions) 을 보고 공부했다.

---

### WHO says it is monitoring a new Covid variant called 'mu'
- The World Health Organization is monitoring a new coronavirus variant called "mu"
- It has mutations that have the potential to evade immunity provided by a previous Covid-19 infection or vaccination
- The new variant was first indentified in Colombia but has since been confirmed in at least 39 countries.

### ChargePoint Holdings gains big after boosting revenue outlook
- Q2 GAAP EPS of -$0.28 misses by $0.15.
- Revenue of $56.12M (+60.5% Y/Y) beats by $7.06M.
- Q3 Guidance: The company expects revenue of $60-$65M vs. consensus of $54.71M;
- Raises FY Guidance: Revenue now expected to be $225-$235M, up from prior guidance of $195-$205, vs consensus 206.55M

### Skillz jumps 9% as it joins hot meme-stock
- Skillz is up 8.9% on extremly heavy volume ~ in a rally that has clearly included it among Wall Street;s "meme stocks"

### Lucid Group slides as PIPE lockup expiration date hits
- The transaction includes a $2.5 billion fully committed, common stock PIPE with a unique investor lock-up provision that runs until the later of September 1, 2021
- Other insiders will not be able to sell their shares until six and 18 months after they received their shares.

### Nio cuts Q3 delivery outlook, August shipment fall 26% M/M
- Nio delivered 5,880 ehicles in August 2021, representing growth of 48.3% Y/Y but lower 25.9% from July deliveries 7,931 units.
- As of August 31, 2021, cumulative deliveries of these electric vehicles reached 131,408 vehicles.
- Citing uncertainty and volatility of semiconductor supply, the Company prudently adjusts the vehicle production and expects to deliver ~22,500 to 23,500 vehicles in Q3 2021, revised from the previous outlook of 23,000 to 25,000 units.

### Li Auto August vehicle deliveries rise 10% M/M to 9,433 units
- Li AUto has delivered 9,433 Li ONEs in August 2021, an increase of 248.0% Y/Y and 9.8% over prior month.

### Robinhood competes with PayPal
- Shares of Robinhood climbed as much as 6.3% to an intraday high of $47.12
- plans to implement a new feature that allows users to receive their paychecks via direct deposit for up to two days early.

### PayPal's Venmo is morphing into a 'super app':BofA


### 용어 정리
- evade : 피하다
- PIPE lockup : 초기투자자 락업
- provision : 공급 (provide : 공급하다)
- prudently : 신중하게 (prudent : 신중한)
- citing : 인용(cite : 인용하다)
- intraday : 하루 동안에 일어나는
- paycheck : 급여
- via : 통해
- morph : 변형시키다
