---
layout: post
title:  "[영어] 21.08.19 오늘의 미국주식 뉴스 - 미주은"
subtitle:   "story"
categories: invest
tags: story
comments: true
---

### (오늘의 미국주식뉴스) 연준 의장이 꼭 찍어주는 추천 종목은? / 엔비디아, 역시 절대로 팔면 안되는 주식 / 코인베이스에 꼭 투자해야하는 이유가 생겼다 / 전기차 드림팀 공개

어제는 못했다. 한국증시의 하락이 심각하다. 엔비디아의 상승을 보면 역시 실적이 나오는 좋은 회사를 투자하면, 지수 하락은 무섭지 않은거 같다. 오늘도 영어 읽기가 무섭지 않도록 공부해야된다.  
[미주은](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3NLG5iKoxSA) 을 보고 공부했다.

---

### Nvidia posts record revenues, boosts operating income 275%
- Revenues jumped 68% to a record $6.51 billion, above some already strong growth expectations for 64%.
- That was paced by record revenue among Gaming, Data Center and Professional Visualization platforms.
- GAAP earnings per share jumped 276% from a year ago(and up 24% from last qaurter), and non-GAAP earning rose 89% Y/Y and 14% sequentially to $1.04.

### Robinhood tops revenue expectations, monthly active users rise 109%
- Q2 GAAP EPS of -$2.16.
- Revenue of $565M (+131.4% Y/Y) beats by $5.45M
- the company expects seasonal headwind and lower trading activity

### Fed's Powell: There's no returning to pre-pandemic economy
- Fedral Reserve Chairman Jerome Powell said Tuesday that the U.S. economy has been permanently changed by the COVID pandemic and it is important that the central bank adapt to those changes.
- Powell said that, while it is not yet clear if the delta variant of COVID will have furhter impact on the economy, the country has already seen significant changes since the pandemic began shutting the country down in March 2020.
- Those changes range from the increase in remote work, to restaurants offering more take-out meals, to real estate agents learning to show homes virtually
- Many companies have already made large investments in technology to adapt to the challenges that the pandemic has presented.
- It seems a near certainty that there will be substantially more remote work going forward." Powell said. "That's going to change the nature of work and the way work gets done."
- Powell said the heavy investments by companies in new technology means ther will be more jobs in the future associated with maintaining that technology but also potential job losses in industries focused on in-person contact.

### Tesla, Hyzon and Electric Last Mile headline Wedbush's dream team of EV stocks
- Why is the EV sctor stuck in reverse lately? Ives thinks the global chip shortage, the pre-revenue status of many electric vehicle companies, increasing competition from new and old players and an overall risk-off Street vibe has impacted sentiment.

### MercadoLibre to invest $25 million in Aleph Group
- MELI agree to acquire a $25M stake in Aleph. the largest global digital media partner
- Aleph operates in Latin America through IMS Internet Media Servises.
- Additionally, MELI will cooperate with IMS Internet Media Services on monetizing advertising space
- The transaction is likely to close by the end of August.

### Roku now streams over 200 free live TV channels, and here are the newest 17
- ROku is adding more than a dozen new channels to the live TV Channel Guide on the Roku Channel, its free streaming service.

### Covid uptick leads Apple to delay production shift from China
- Covid uptick leads Apple to delay production shift from China


### 용어 정리
- adapt to : 적응하다
- not clear if ~ : ~가 확실하지 않다
- pre-revenue status : 실적이 아직 안나오는
- monetizing : 수익화